Add information about reserved keywords (#1050)
spiceai/docs: website/docs/components/data-connectors/clickhouse.md

+----------+
```

> This value cannot be any of the following keywords that are reserved by ClickHouse:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This the dataset name cannot be a [reserved keyword](/docs/reference/spicepod/keywords.md) or any of the following keywords that are reserved by ClickHouse:
```
